hello getting crazy danger get out of
that now open safe house six welcome in
the Townsend agency
I run a covert group of exceptional
women so you guys are like ladies five
we work outside the rules in secret
together
you may not know we exist but we are
always watching
oh you are in the presence of angels so
you might have trained to be an angel
hell yeah give me my wings
[Applause]
[Music]
sit down and keep your hands where I can
see them really not supposed to be
touching things in here unless you're
supposed to be touching things again
you're adorable
Jane is about you flirting with a
handsome nerd
the best part is them taking down
international criminals with you guys
in the day drinking that's what I like
the most
[Music]
so I can just take whatever I want Baro
is that an actual rule
[Music]
ain't no time to go to work